Document usage of Camel K in sources (#1569)
knative/docs: docs/eventing/samples/apache-camel-source/README.md

These samples show how to configure a Camel Source. It is an Event Source that

> can leverage one of the[250+ Apache Camel components](https://github.com/apache/camel/tree/master/components)

Reviewer: missing space

   any namespace where you want to run Camel sources.

   The preferred version that is compatible with Camel sources is
   [Camel K v0.3.3](https://github.com/apache/camel-k/releases/tag/0.3.3).

   Installation instruction are provided on the
   [Apache Camel K Github repository](https://github.com/apache/camel-k#installation).
   Documentation includes specific instructions for common Kubernetes
   environments, including development clusters.

> 1. Install the Camel Source from the [yaml files in the config dir](../config/)

Reviewer 2: I think we should guide people here to install the released version, not compile it from source

   from source:

   ```shell

>    ko apply -f ../config/

Reviewer 3: If you switch over to `ko`, I think it should be added before this command in the "prerequisites" section

Reviewer 2: I think the previous version is good for this general doc. Using ko is something for devs that work on the knative-contrib repo

   ```
  
  Or install a released version.   
   

### Create a Channel and a Subscriber

> To check that a `CamelSource` is fully working, we will create:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
To verify that the `CamelSource` is working, we will create:
```

- a simple Knative event display service that prints incoming events to its log
- an in-memory channel named `camel-test` that will buffer events created by the event source
- a subscription to direct events from the test channel to the event display service

> Deploy `display_resources.yaml`, building it from source:

Reviewer 2: Display resources is provided,l in same dir, don't need to build from source.

> ```shell

Reviewer 2: No need to use ko

ko apply -f display_resources.yaml
```

### Run a CamelSource using the Timer component

The samples directory contains some sample sources that can be used to generate
events.

The simplest one, that does not require additional configuration is the "timer"
source.

If you want, you can customize the source behavior using options available in
the Apache Camel documentation for the
[timer component](https://github.com/apache/camel/blob/master/camel-core/src/main/docs/timer-component.adoc).
All Camel components are documented in the
[Apache Camel github repository](https://github.com/apache/camel/tree/master/components).

Install the [timer CamelSource](source_timer.yaml) from source:

```shell
ko apply -f source_timer.yaml
```

We will verify that the published message was sent to the Knative eventing
system by looking at the downstream of the `CamelSource`.

> 1. Use [`kail`](https://github.com/boz/kail) to tail the logs of the subscriber.

Reviewer 3: `kail` should also be added as a prerequisite.

Reviewer 2: kubect logs instead of jail should be enough

   any namespace where you want to run Camel sources.

   The preferred version that is compatible with Camel sources is
   [Camel K v0.3.3](https://github.com/apache/camel-k/releases/tag/0.3.3).

   Installation instruction are provided on the
   [Apache Camel K Github repository](https://github.com/apache/camel-k#installation).
   Documentation includes specific instructions for common Kubernetes
   environments, including development clusters.

> 1. Download Kail binaries for Linux or OSX, which can be found on the [latest release](https://github.com/boz/kail/releases/latest) page. You can use `kail` instead of `kubectl logs` to tail the logs of the subscriber.

Reviewer: Mark this as optional?

Asking people to download multiple additional tools to get started tends to cause drop-off in actually completing the task (has been my experience).

1. Install the Camel Source from the `camel.yaml` in the [Eventing Sources release page](https://github.com/knative/eventing-contrib/releases):

   ```shell
   kubectl apply --filename camel.yaml
   ```
   

### Create a Channel and a Subscriber

To verify that the `CamelSource` is working, we will create:

- a simple Knative event display service that prints incoming events to its log
- an in-memory channel named `camel-test` that will buffer events created by the event source

> - a subscription to direct events from the test channel to the event display service

Reviewer: You can unwrap these lines, but @mattmoor-sockpuppet  will come by and run prettier.io on them again.

Deploy the [`display_resources.yaml`](./display_resources.yaml):

```shell
kubectl apply --filename display_resources.yaml
```

### Run a CamelSource using the Timer component

The samples directory contains some sample sources that can be used to generate
events.

The simplest one, that does not require additional configuration is the "timer"
source.

If you want, you can customize the source behavior using options available in
the Apache Camel documentation for the

> [timer component](https://github.com/apache/camel/blob/master/camel-core/src/main/docs/timer-component.adoc).

Reviewer: This URL is a 404

kubectl delete camelsource camel-timer-source
```

Install the [telegram CamelSource](source_telegram.yaml) from source:

```shell

> ko apply -f source_telegram.yaml

Reviewer 2: Kubectl

```

> Start kail again and keep it open on the event display:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Start `kail` again and keep it open on the event display:
```

```shell
kail -d camel-event-display --since=10m
```

Now, you can contact your bot with any Telegram client. Each message you send
to the bot will be printed by the event display as a cloudevent.

### Run a Camel K Source

For complex use cases that require multiple steps to be executed before event data is ready to be published, you can use Camel K sources.
Camel K lets you use Camel DSL to design one or more routes that can define arbitrarily complex workflows before sending events to the target sink.

If you have previously deployed other CamelSources, to reduce noise in the event display, you can remove them all from the namespace:

```shell
kubectl delete camelsource --all
```

> Install the [Camel K Source](source_camel_k.yaml) from source:

Reviewer 2: This needs to be provided in the same dir as this doc

Reviewer: You might want to call this something other than "Camel K Source" -- it confused me with the source CRD installed on line 20.

```shell

> ko apply -f source_camel_k.yaml

Reviewer 2: Kubectl

```

> Start kail again and keep it open on the event display:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Start `kail` again and keep it open on the event display:
```

kubectl delete camelsource camel-timer-source
```

Install the [telegram CamelSource](source_telegram.yaml) from source:

```shell
kunbectl apply -f source_telegram.yaml
```

Start `kail` again and keep it open on the event display:

```shell
kail -d camel-event-display --since=10m
```

Now, you can contact your bot with any Telegram client. Each message you send
to the bot will be printed by the event display as a cloudevent.

### Run a Camel K Source

For complex use cases that require multiple steps to be executed before event data is ready to be published, you can use Camel K sources.

> Camel K lets you use Camel DSL to design one or more routes that can define arbitrarily complex workflows before sending events to the target sink.

Reviewer: Is "routes" a term of art in Camel K?

I ask because Knative Serving has a concept called a "Route" which is different than what you're talking about here.
